Distributed tracing 2.9 (#62410)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/distr-tracing-tempo-configuring-tempooperator-metrics-and-alerts.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * distr-tracing-tempo-configuring.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="configuring-tempooperator-metrics-and-alerts_{context}"]
= Configuring {TempoOperator} metrics and alerts

Installing the {TempoOperator} by using the OpenShift web console provides the *Enable Operator recommended cluster monitoring on this Namespace* checkbox, which enables creating metrics and alerts of the {TempoOperator}.

If the checkbox was not selected during installation, you can manually enable metrics and alerts even after installing the {TempoOperator}.

.Procedure

> * Add the `openshift.io/cluster-monitoring: "true"` label in the `openshift-operators` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add the `openshift.io/cluster-monitoring: "true"` label in the `openshift-tempo-operator` namespace.
```

Author: ```suggestion
* Add the `openshift.io/cluster-monitoring: "true"` label in the namespace where the {TempoOperator} is installed, which is `openshift-tempo-operator` namespace by default.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * distr-tracing-tempo-configuring.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="configuring-tempooperator-metrics-and-alerts_{context}"]
= Configuring {TempoOperator} metrics and alerts

> When installing the {TempoOperator} by using the OpenShift web console, you can select the *Enable Operator recommended cluster monitoring on this Namespace* checkbox, which enables creating metrics and alerts of the {TempoOperator}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When installing the {TempoOperator} by using the {product-title} web console, you can select the *Enable Operator recommended cluster monitoring on this Namespace* checkbox, which enables creating metrics and alerts of the {TempoOperator}.
```
Related: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/62410#discussion_r1318989879

Author: Thank you. Fixed

If the checkbox was not selected during installation, you can manually enable metrics and alerts even after installing the {TempoOperator}.

> 

Reviewer 2: Do we need to list any _Prerequisites_ for this procedure?

.Procedure

> * Add the `openshift.io/cluster-monitoring: "true"` label in the OpenShift project where the {TempoOperator} is installed, which is `openshift-tempo-operator` by default.

Reviewer 2: See https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/62410#discussion_r1318989879 for the appropriate use of OpenShift
```suggestion
* Add the `openshift.io/cluster-monitoring: "true"` label in the {product-title} project where the {TempoOperator} is installed, which is `openshift-tempo-operator` by default.
```

Author: Thank you. Fixed.

.Verification

> You can use the *Administrator* view of the OpenShift web console to verify successful configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the *Administrator* view of the {product-title} web console to verify successful configuration:
```
Related: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/62410#discussion_r1318989879

Author: Thank you. Fixed.
